#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Inverse Covariance Matrix Age
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Inspired by:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "wise1955theautocorrelation"

\end_inset

, gives form of inverse covariance from AR coefficients, univariate.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Method based on spectral polynomial and matrix form of lag operator.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The method can be extended to multivariate case.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
It involves calculation of semi-infinite matrix, and the calculation detail
 is not given.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
No discussion about the effect of finite truncation or starting point.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "godolphin1983evaluation"

\end_inset

, gives form of inverse covariance from AR coefficients, univariate.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Metod based on spectral polynomial and algebra operations to construct a
 linear equation.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "math"
options "bibtotoc,plain"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
